what up John recording YouTube video you
want to jump in this John sack ours
off-camera I kid you not
Google we're talking about activism men
bathrooms I can't help you yeah my
viewers gonna think I was making that up
[Music]
on YouTube okay I enjoyed that video so
much I watched it over and over again
I'm not kidding
he's a good guy means well he means well
yeah okay okay he's rebelling against
the side he is in a lot of ways he's
okay and and he definitely dances to the
beat of his own drummer yeah and tell
because he doesn't to beat but yeah I
respect that
this is him saying you know what you
play your game I'll play my game my game
is made these funny videos and and if
you think think about the courage that
it takes